Claudia Gabison: Beautiful. Yeah.
Tony Bayvas: Like a professor
Jamie Lee: So, yeah.
Jamie Lee: The air is like the
Jamie Lee: Stuff that's working.
Jamie Lee: Just not recognizing
Jamie Lee: And I know the citizen you like
Tony Bayvas: The key error.
Tony Bayvas: Why is this guy using Python to
Jamie Lee: Ya know, maybe he didn't realize he
Jamie Lee: Just wrote everything like the day
Jamie Lee: island to island.
Jamie Lee: No, no, just
Jamie Lee: Pie chart was saying this oil change or something.
Tony Bayvas: VCs change.
Jamie Lee: Yeah, what isn't.
Tony Bayvas: Isn't that good. Come on. There's a tab on the top.
Tony Bayvas: Level. Okay. Yes, yes, commands are the kit.
Jamie Lee: Let me just go ahead and just be
Tony Bayvas: Well, who changes that you
Jamie Lee: Yeah.
Oh,
Jamie Lee: I forgot to change.
Jamie Lee: Yeah, hi, Charles. Nice.
Tony Bayvas: I'm just always committed and then found like another
Tony Bayvas: What's this
Jamie Lee: Let me add you
Me.
Claudia Gabison: A CP garrison see that person.
Oh,
Claudia Gabison: Cuz it's like 14 letters.
Claudia Gabison: Yes that's me.
Claudia Gabison: Thank you talk to my demo.
Claudia Gabison: Tape talkers when they put the
Claudia Gabison: Bio. It's like, what the fuck, dude.
Tony Bayvas: It's crazy. Though sometimes people do like don't like anonymous people donating or something, I don't know for gaming to like sometimes we will just get like $1,000 donation like what the hell.
Claudia Gabison: That happens when you have too much money. You don't know what to do with that.
Tony Bayvas: Or if you're obsessed with somebody made me
Tony Bayvas: It's done.
Jamie Lee: Oh, it's like
Jamie Lee: I don't know how this stuff is working documenting every time I get a new code.
Tony Bayvas: Should we look at the errors.
Tony Bayvas: Yeah.
Jamie Lee: I'm gonna stop recordings, and he will get this one.
Tony Bayvas: Oh, you're recording
Jamie Lee: Yeah, just to the cloud, see if we can get like a reason